Clarifying the docs on project locations. (#1515)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/projects/version-control/config-as-code-reference.md

### File Storage

_Git File Storage Directory_ specifies the path within the repository where the Octopus configuration will be stored. The default directory is `.octopus`, but that can be changed. If only a single Octopus project will be stored in the repo, we recommend putting the configuration directly under the `.octopus` directory.

:::hint
If multiple projects will be persisted to the repository, adding the project name to the path is the recommended convention, e.g. `./octopus/acme`
:::

> We recommend storing projects alongside the application code. While it is possible to store all your deployment projects in a single central repository with folders for each project, it will be challenging to manage as you add more projects. For example, if you have multiple component projects, one for Web UI, another for Web API, etc., but the source code is in one repository, then store all the component projects in that repository. If you move the application code later, you can also [move the deployment configuration](https://octopus.com/docs/projects/version-control/moving-version-control) to keep it with the application.

Reviewer: Remove hard-coded link, and use .md link :) 
```suggestion
We recommend storing projects alongside the application code. While it is possible to store all your deployment projects in a single central repository with folders for each project, it will be challenging to manage as you add more projects. For example, if you have multiple component projects, one for Web UI, another for Web API, etc., but the source code is in one repository, then store all the component projects in that repository. If you move the application code later, you can also [move the deployment configuration](/docs/projects/version-control/moving-version-control.md) to keep it with the application.
```
